Update Start contributing README section (#1)
acs-upb-mobile/flutter-workshop: README.md

2. Fork the [ACS UPB Mobile](https://github.com/acs-upb-mobile/acs-upb-mobile) repository.
3. Clone the fork onto your system and open it as an Android Studio project.
4. Don't forget to run `flutter pub get` to update the dependencies.
5. Create a new branch by clicking on *Git: master* on the bottom right border in Android Studio and selecting *New Branch*. Its name should succinctly describe the modification/feature you are trying to add, so in this case something like `update_contributors` would be appropriate.
6. Add yourself to the list of contributors in the `README.md` file. The recommended format is: `[FirstName LastName](link_to_github_profile)`.
7. Commit and push the changes to the forked repository (*Ctrl*+*K* for committing, *Ctrl*+*Shift*+*K* for pushing in Android Studio).
8. Create a pull request either from GitHub (you will see a message prompting you to create a PR when you open the forked repository) or Android Studio (VCS > Git > Create Pull Request). Make sure the PR points from the branch you created to the master branch in the acs-upb-mobile repo.
9. Wait for the PR to be approved.

> 10. Pat yourself on the back.

Reviewer: Nice touch :)

2. Fork the [ACS UPB Mobile](https://github.com/acs-upb-mobile/acs-upb-mobile) repository.
3. Clone the fork onto your system and open it as an Android Studio project.
4. Don't forget to run `flutter pub get` to update the dependencies.

> 5. Create a new branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Create a new branch by clicking on *Git: master* on the bottom right border in Android Studio and selecting *New Branch*. Its name should succinctly describe the modification/feature you are trying to add, so in this case something like `update_contributors` would be appropriate.
```

6. Add yourself to the list of contributors in the `README.md` file. The recommended format is: `[FirstName LastName](link_to_github_profile)`.
7. Commit and push the changes to the forked repository (*Ctrl*+*K* for committing, *Ctrl*+*Shift*+*K* for pushing in Android Studio).
8. Create a pull request either from GitHub (you will see a message prompting you to create a PR when you open the forked repository) or Android Studio (VCS > Git > Create Pull Request). Make sure the PR points from the branch you created to the master branch in the acs-upb-mobile repo.
9. Wait for the PR to be approved.

> 10. ???

Reviewer: You can remove these steps and change the 'follow these 10 steps' part above accordingly. The joke doesn't make much sense anymore.

11. Profit!

Once in a while you should sync your fork's master with the upstream (the original repo) master. To do this:

> 1. In the repo on your machine add a new remote that points to `acs-upb-mobile/master`, call it `upstream_master`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the repo on your machine add a new remote that points to `acs-upb-mobile/master: `git remote add upstream https://github.com/acs-upb-mobile/acs-upb-mobile.git`.
```

> 2. Checkout `upstream_master` on a branch with the same name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Fetch the data from the upstream repo: `git fetch upstream`.
```

> 3. Pull

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Checkout your fork's `master` branch: `git checkout master`.
```

> 4. Checkout your fork's master branch, should be called `master`
> 5. Merge `upstream_master` into `master`. This may produce conflicts, tough luck. [KDiff3](http://kdiff3.sourceforge.net/) is a good tool to see the conflicts and solve them (it solves some automagically).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Merge the remote `master` into your `master`: `git merge upstream/master`. This may produce conflicts, unfortunately. To fix them, open the *VCS* menu in Android Studio, select *Git* and *Resolve conflicts*.
```

> 6. Push `master` to save the sync to GitHub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Push `master` to save the sync to GitHub either by using the Android Studio GUI or by calling `git push origin/master`.
```
